Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
Jack: WHAT?
YOU WANT TO DUEL ME?!
WAIT. BUT WHY WOULD YA
WANNA DO THAT, YUSEI?
I NEED TO FIND
A NEW WAY
OF BATTLING
THAT DOESN'T INVOLVE
SUMMONING SYNCHRO
MONSTERS.
SYNCHROS ARE FINE.
BUT IF YOU WANT A DUEL--
YOU'RE ON.
Yusei: LET'S REV IT UP!
GO, TWIN-SWORD MARAUDER,
ATTACK SHIELD WING!
AAH!
NOW I'LL TUNE
MY LEVEL 3 SWORD MASTER
WITH THE LEVEL 1 DARK BUG
AND LEVEL 4 TWIN-SWORD
MARAUDER
TO DO WHAT YOU SHOULD'VE
NEVER QUESTIONED DOING,
YUSEI...
I'M GOING TO BRING OUT
THE ULTIMATE,
THE ALL POWERFUL,
THE RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
IN A SYNCHRO SUMMON!
GO, RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND,
ATTACK BACKUP WARRIOR!
AAH!
WE BOTH KNOW HOW
IT'S GOING TO END--
THERE'S NO POINT
GOING ANY FURTHER.
SYNCHRO MONSTERS
MAY NOT BE PERFECT,
BUT THEY'RE STILL
THE BEST WEAPON WE'VE GOT.
I AM PLEASED TO REPORT THAT
THE GALA IS A GREAT SUCCESS,
MY DIRECTORS.
THE FOOLS DON'T HAVE A CLUE
WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON.
[CHUCKLE]
AND IT'S IMPORTANT
THAT IT STAYS THAT WAY.
AFTER ALL,
IF THESE DUELISTS FIND OUT
WHAT WE'RE UP TO,
THIS WILL ALL BE IN VAIN.
YES, IF WE'RE GOING
TO USE THEIR POWER,
THEY MUST BELIEVE THAT
THEY'RE EXERTING IT ONLY
TO WIN THIS TOURNAMENT.
THEN, WHEN THEIR
DUEL ENERGY IS OURS
AND READY TO BE CHANNELED
FOR THE GRAND DESIGN,
IT WILL BE TOO LATE
FOR THEM TO STOP ME--
THAT IS, TOO LATE FOR THEM
TO STOP US.
HEY, OUTTA THE WAY!
WE'RE IN A HURRY HERE!
Jack: FORGET HIM, YUSEI,
LET'S GO!
GO AND DO WHAT?
HUH?
THE DUEL WILL BE OVER
BY THE TIME
YOU FIND THE GHOST.
AND EVEN IF IT'S NOT,
YOU WON'T BE ABLE
TO HELP.
WILL YOU, YUSEI?
[GASP]
YOU'RE NOT READY TO FACE
THE GHOST AGAIN.
YOU MUST FIRST FIND WHAT
YOU'RE LOOKING FOR:
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION!
HOW ABOUT A NAME
OR SOMETHING, BUDDY?
YOU CAN CALL ME VIZOR.
HOW DO WE KNOW
WE CAN TRUST YOU?
GUESS YOU'LL HAVE TO DUEL ME
AND FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[THINKING]
TIME TO FIND OUT IF VIZOR
CAN REALLY SHOW ME A WAY
TO DEFEAT THAT MACHINE
EMPEROR WISEL INFINITY.
MACHINE EMPEROR INFINITY!
I ACTIVATE
YOUR SPECIAL ABILITY!
STARDUST DRAGON!
IT'S TOO LATE, YUSEI,
THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN DO.
YOUR DRAGON IS
ABOUT TO BECOME
JUST ANOTHER GEAR
IN MY MACHINE!
[THINKING]
GUESS I'LL FIND OUT.
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THIS?
LETTING YUSEI TAKE OFF
WITH SOME GUY
WE HAVE NO IDEA ABOUT?
NO, I'M NOT.
THEN WHY DID YOU
LET HIM GO?!
CUZ YUSEI'S GONNA DO
WHAT HE WANTS TO DO
WHETHER WE LIKE IT
OR NOT,
ESPECIALLY LATELY.
WHO KNOWS
WHY HE'S ACTING SO WEIRD
THESE DAYS?
[GASP]
I THINK THAT I MAY KNOW WHY.
I WILL BE RIDING FULL THROTTLE
ON THE CUTTING EDGE
WITH EVERYTHING TO LOSE
AND EVERYTHING TO GAIN!
IS THAT NOT THE KIND OF DUEL
YOU WANT IN ON, YUSEI FUDO?
IF YOU RACE WITH ME,
YOU WILL FIND THE DRIVE
YOU SEEK.
HELLO?
EARTH TO AKIZA!
YOU OK? YOU LOOK
PRETTY DEEP IN THOUGHT.
UH, I'M FINE.
HEY, LOOK!
THEY'RE SQUARING UP!
YES!
THEY'RE GONNA BATTLE!
I'M NOT SO SURE
ABOUT THAT.
FROM THE LOOKS
OF IT,
I'D SAY VIZOR
HAS SOMETHING ELSE
PLANNED.
THINK YOU CAN KEEP UP,
YUSEI?
HUH? THIS GUY
WANTS TO RACE?
A RACE--?!
BUT WHAT'S THAT GONNA
ACCOMPLISH?!
[THINKING]
YOU WANNA REV IT UP?
FINE WITH ME.
WHOA!
HE'S PACKING HARDCORE
HORSEPOWER,
BUT SO AM I.
COME ON. PICK UP
THE PACE, YUSEI!
SHOW THIS SLOWPOKE
WHAT YOU CAN DO!
[THINKING]
RIGHT NOW, IT'S ALL
I CAN DO TO KEEP UP,
BUT IF VIZOR REALLY DOES HAVE
THE ANSWERS I'M LOOKING FOR,
I'LL HAVE TO DO
BETTER THAN THAT!
[THINKING]
OH! YUSEI'S PULLING OUT
ALL THE STOPS,
AND THEY'RE STILL
NECK AND NECK!
I HOPE HE KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING.
WHOA! NOW, THAT'S
WHAT I CALL TAKIN' IT
TO THE NEXT GEAR!
THAT'S IT--
I'M FINISHING THIS!
THAT IS, IF IT DOESN'T
FINISH ME FIRST!
Vizor:
CAN YOU KEEP UP, YUSEI?
Yusei: WATCH ME!
JUST HOLD ON!
COME ON, NOW, YUSEI.
YOU'LL NEVER BE ABLE
TO BEAT THE GHOST
IF YOU CAN'T EVEN
SURVIVE THIS SNAIL-PACED
SPEED!
HUH?
YOU ASKED FOR IT!
FASTER!
[GRUNTING]
ALL RIGHT!
WELL DONE, YUSEI.
THAT WAS STEP ONE
IN LEARNING HOW
TO BEAT THE GHOST.
NOW ITS TIME FOR STEP TWO.
I ACTIVATE SPEED WORLD 2!
Duel runner computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT ACTIVATED.
A TURBO DUEL
IS ABOUT TO COMMENCE.
ALL NON-DUELING VEHICLES
MUST VACATE THE COMBAT LANE
IMMEDIATELY.
FORMULATING CROSS-TOWN
DUEL COURSE
AND AWAITING CENTRAL GRID
AUTHORITY'S OFFICIAL
AUTHORIZATION.
AUTHORIZATION HAS BEEN GRANTED.
Yusei: ALL RIGHT!
NOW LET'S REV IT UP,
DUEL STYLE!
WELL...
IT'S ON NOW.
BIG TIME!
DON'T HOLD BACK, YUSEI.
I WANT TO SEE
EVERYTHING YOU'VE GOT
IN THIS DUEL!
YOU CAN COUNT ON IT!
FIRST, FROM MY HAND,
I SUMMON TRICULAR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
THEN I'LL PLACE
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
YOU CALL THAT
GIVING IT YOUR ALL, YUSEI?
HERE--WATCH A PRO!
NOW, FIRST,
SINCE YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WITH A MONSTER
ON THE FIELD RIGHT NOW,
I CAN SUMMON THIS CREATURE
STRAIGHT FROM MY HAND!
BEHOLD, YUSEI,
THE TUNER MONSTER,
TECH GENUS STRIKER!
DID HE SAY,
TECH GENUS STRIKER?
I'VE NEVER HEARD OF
THAT MONSTER BEFORE.
VIZOR ALREADY
HAS A TUNER OUT.
HE MUST BE PLANNING
A SYNCHRO SUMMON.
HMM. IT'S A DUEL.
HMM? THAT DUELIST.
HE'S THE ONE FROM BEFORE.
MAJESTIC STAR DRAGON!
ATTACK!
YUSEI FUDO.
[GRUNT]
AND NOW, YUSEI,
SINCE I JUST
SPECIAL SUMMONED
A LEVEL 4-OR-BELOW MONSTER
TO MY FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED
TO SPECIAL SUMMON
THIS BIG, BAD BEAST
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND.
COME TO THE FIELD,
TECH GENUS WEREWOLF.
[GROWL]
AND NOW I'LL TUNE
THE LEVEL 2
TECH GENUS STRIKER
WITH THE LEVEL 3
TECH GENUS WEREWOLF
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
A WARRIOR FROM THE WAYS OF OLD.
APPEAR,
TECH GENUS GLADIATOR!
HE DOESN'T LOOK
SO TOUGH.
[THINKING]
I DON'T GET IT.
SURE,
IT'S A SYNCHRO,
BUT HE DOESN'T
HAVE ANY ABILITIES
THAT MAKE HIM
TOO BIG OF A THREAT.
NEXT, I'M GOING TO SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER
TECH GENUS CYBER MAGICIAN!
HUH?
WAIT! HE'S NOT PLANNING
TO SYNCHRO AGAIN, IS HE?
THAT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
NOW, THEN,
WITH TECH GENUS
CYBER MAGICIAN
OUT ON THE FIELD
AND THE REQUIRED MONSTERS
FOR A SYNCHRO SUMMONING
ALL CURRENTLY IN MY HAND...
HOLD ON. DID HE SAY
CURRENTLY IN HIS HAND?
GO, TECH GENUS
CYBER MAGICIAN,
TUNE WITH
TECH GENUS RUSH RHINO!
AND NOW, BY THEIR BOND,
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
TECH GENUS WONDER MAGICIAN!
Computer:
TECH GENUS WONDER MAGICIAN
IS A LEVEL 5 SYNCHRO TUNER
MONSTER WITH 1,900 ATTACK POINTS
AND ZERO DEFENSE POINTS.
NOW HE'S GOT
TWO SYNCHRO MONSTERS?!
WHAT'S YUSEI
GONNA DO NOW?
DON'T WORRY, SIS!
YUSEI CAN HANDLE THIS,
NO PROBLEM!
AND NOW, GLADIATOR,
SHOW THAT TRICULAR
THE MIGHT OF YOUR AXE!
ATTACK!!!
UNH!
AND NOW YOU TAKE
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
THEIR POINTS AS DAMAGE!
I WAS WRONG!
OHH.
YOU OK, YUSEI?
OR HAVE YOU HAD ENOUGH?
I'M JUST GETTING
STARTED,
AND SO IS TRICULAR!
BECAUSE WHEN HE'S
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
HE ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON BICULAR!
WELL, THEN I GUESS
IT'S A GOOD THING
I HAVE ANOTHER SYNCHRO
READY ON DECK!
GO, WONDER MAGICIAN,
DESTROY BICULAR!
SORRY, BUT IT'S
GONNA TAKE 3 MONSTERS
TO KEEP MY FIELD CLEAR
BECAUSE WHEN BICULAR IS
DESTROYED, UNICYCULAR IS
READY TO ROLL!
GUESS I'M DONE.
YES! YUSEI'S
HOLDING HIS OWN!
[THINKING]
OR THINKS HE IS.
HE'S BEEN WRONG BEFORE.
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
AND FORCE
YOUR CHEVALIER
INTO DEFENSE MODE.
THAT DOES NOTHING
FOR YOU!
THAT LITTLE SYNCHRON
HAS NO HOPE
OF CRASHING THROUGH
FLEUR DE CHEVALIER'S DEFENSE.
AND WITH DEFEAT,
COMES DAMAGE.
ONLY A HUNDRED
LIFE POINTS LEFT.
YUSEI, DO YOU REALIZE
WHAT YOU JUST DID?
[GASP]
YUSEI?
[THINKING]
I HOPE YUSEI'S NOT IN
OVER HIS HEAD HERE.
[THINKING]
CONSECUTIVE ATTACKS BY TWO
SYNCHRO MONSTERS.
IS THIS THE STRATEGY
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR?
THE TECHNIQUE TO DEFEAT
MACHINE EMPEROR WISEL?
THANKS TO
YOUR SYNCHRO MONSTER,
MY MACHINE EMPEROR NOW GAINS
2,500 EXTRA POINTS
TO DO DAMAGE TO YOU WITH!
HA HA HA!
[THINKING]
IT COULD WORK.
AFTER ALL,
MACHINE EMPEROR WISEL
CAN ONLY ABSORB
ONE SYNCHRO PER TURN.
IF THERE WERE TWO,
THEN IF ONE
WAS TAKEN DOWN,
ANOTHER WOULD BE ABLE
TO FIGHT!
BUT IS THAT
ALL THERE IS TO IT?
OR WAS VIZOR HINTING
AT SOMETHING MORE?
YUSEI, YOU'RE NOT READY TO
FACE THE GHOST AGAIN.
YOU MUST FIRST FIND
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION.
WELL?
YOUR MOVE, YUSEI.
HAVE YOU THOUGHT IT
THROUGH?
HAH! YOU BETTER
BELIEVE IT!
COME ON, YES, PERFECT!
I ACTIVATE THE SPEED SPELL
SYNCHRO DEFUSE!
NOW, SINCE I HAVE
TWO OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
I GAIN CONTROL
OF ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD
UNTIL THE END PHASE
OF THIS TURN!
SO HE JUST STOLE
VIZOR'S SYNCHRO?
YEP--JUST LIKE
THE GHOST STOLE HIS!
DON'T YOU SEE?
IF YUSEI DUELS
AGAINST VIZOR
LIKE THE GHOST
DUELED AGAINST HIM,
THEN HOWEVER VIZOR COUNTERS
WILL BE THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION!
TECH GENUS GLADIATOR
IS NOW ALL MINE, VIZOR!
ALL RIGHT!
AAH!
YEAH, HERE WE GO!
WELL DONE, YUSEI.
NOW PREPARE TO STEP
OUT OF THE SHADOWS
AND INTO THE LIGHT.
GO, ACCEL SYNCHRO!
ACCEL SYNCHRO?!
BEHOLD, YUSEI!
YOU WANTED TO KNOW
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION,
SO I GIVE YOU
THE ACCEL SYNCHRO!
WHAT'S HAPPENING,
VIZOR?!
WATCH AND SEE!
UNH!
AARGH!
WHERE DID HE GO?
WHERE'D THAT MONSTER
COME FROM?!
AND WHAT IN THE WORLD
IS IT?
IT'S AN ACCEL
SYNCHRO MONSTER,
TECH GENUS BLADE BLASTER.
WAIT--AN ACCEL
SYNCHRO MONSTER?
WHAT'S THAT?
AND HOW WERE YOU ABLE
TO SUMMON IT
RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE
OF MY TURN?
AN ACCEL SYNCHRO SUMMON
USES A SYNCHRO TUNER MONSTER
AND A SYNCHRO MONSTER.
AND IT'S DONE
WITH LIGHTNING-FAST SPEED!
HUH!
[THINKING]
OF COURSE,
THAT'S WHAT HE MEANT
BY FINDING
THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION!
IT WAS THERE ALL ALONG,
I JUST HAD TO
PUSH HARD ENOUGH
AND GO FAST ENOUGH
TO UNCOVER IT!
NO WONDER HE CHALLENGED ME
TO RACE EARLIER.
HE WANTED TO SEE
IF I HAD THE SPEED IT TOOK!
DON'T BE
TOO AWESTRUCK, YUSEI.
WE'VE STILL GOT
A DUEL TO FINISH!
AND I GOTTA FEW CARDS THAT
MAY JUST HELP FINISH IT!
HERE GOES!
FIRST I ACTIVATE
THE SPEED SPELL
ANGEL BATON!
WITH THIS, SINCE I HAVE
TWO OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
I GET TO DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK,
BUT THEN MUST SEND
ONE CARD IN MY HAND
TO THE GRAVE.
NEXT I SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER
DRILL SYNCHRON!
AND NOW, SINCE
THERE'S A TUNER MONSTER
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON
QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
NEXT, I'LL TUNE
LEVEL 3 DRILL SYNCHRON
WITH LEVEL 1 UNICYCULAR
AND LEVEL 2 QUILLBOLT
HEDGEHOG
TO CREATE A GARGANTUAN
THAT CAN GRIND THROUGH
EVEN THE GREATEST
GARRISONS OF DEFENSE!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
DRILL WARRIOR!
AND BY CUTTING
DRILL WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF,
HE'S ALLOWED TO TURN HIS
BRUTALIZING DRILL BITS
ON YOU!
GO, DRILL WARRIOR!
UNDERGROUND GRINDER!
AND THEN
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN!
AT LAST,
YOU'RE PUTTING UP A FIGHT.
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS.
I WAS STARTING TO GET BORED
GOING SO EASY ON YOU.
BUT NOW IT SEEMS
I CAN FINALLY START
DUELING YOU WITH SOME FORCE!
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
HAH!
FIRST THINGS FIRST--
TECH GENUS BLADE BLASTER,
DESTROY THAT DRILL WARRIOR!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD--
WAVE FORCE!
NOW, SINCE
A SYNCHRO MONSTER
WAS THE TARGET
OF YOUR ATTACK,
ALL MONSTERS ON
YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE
WILL BE DESTROYED.
THAT'S DUELING
WITH FORCE.
NOT SO FAST, YUSEI.
BY SENDING ONE CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
MY BLADE BLASTER
SURVIVES YOUR TRAP!
OBSERVE!
[GRUNTING]
I PLAY THE TRAP
MIRACLE'S WAKE!
WITH THIS,
I CAN SUMMON
ONE MONSTER
THAT WAS DESTROYED IN
BATTLE DURING THIS TURN!
SO COME BACK,
DRILL WARRIOR!
MOST IMPRESSIVE.
THE DUEL FEED'S
BACK ONLINE!
WHAT ON EARTH
IS THAT MONSTER?!
OH, NO--
YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS
ARE DOWN TO 1,100!
Jakob: WHAT HAPPENED?
THIS ISN'T HOW WE LEFT THE DUEL.
IT SEEMS WE MISSED SOMETHING
DURING THAT WHITE FLASH.
[THINKING] I WAS ABLE
TO KEEP DRILL WARRIOR
OUT ON THE FIELD,
BUT WITH BLADE BLASTER
HAVING 3,300
ATTACK POINTS,
HE'D BE COMPLETELY
OUTMATCHED
IF THEY BATTLED.
I NEED TO COME UP
WITH ANOTHER STRATEGY.
LET'S SEE HERE.
THE CARDS IN MY HAND
ARE SPEED ENERGY
AND SHINING SILVER FORCE.
WITH SPEED ENERGY,
SINCE I HAVE TWO OR MORE
SPEED COUNTERS,
A MONSTER ON MY FIELD
COULD GET A BIG BOOST
IN ATTACK POINTS.
I GET TO MULTIPLY
HOWEVER MANY SPEED
COUNTERS I HAVE BY 200,
AND THAT'S THE BONUS.
I HAVE 3 COUNTERS NOW,
BUT NEXT TURN,
I'LL HAVE 4,
WHICH WOULD MEAN
I'D BE ABLE TO INCREASE
A MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 800.
BUT THAT WOULD STILL
ONLY GIVE DRILL WARRIOR
3,200 ATTACK POINTS,
AND THAT'S JUST NOT
ENOUGH TO BEAT VIZOR'S
BLADE BLASTER.
FACE IT, YUSEI.
THIS DUEL'S OVER!
[THINKING]
IT WILL BE IF I DON'T
GET THE RIGHT DRAW...
RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW!
JUST ACCEPT IT!
YOU CAN'T WIN THIS!
[THINKING]
AS LONG AS THERE ARE
CARDS IN MY DECK,
I'VE STILL GOT A SHOT!
MY DRAW! HAH!
I ACTIVATE THE SPEED
SPELL SPEED ENERGY!
WITH IT, I CAN INCREASE
DRILL WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS
BY THE NUMBER OF
SPEED COUNTERS I HAVE
TIMES 200!
AND NEXT, I'LL SUMMON
GAUNTLET WARRIOR!
BUT HE WON'T STAY
FOR LONG, BECAUSE BY
RELEASING HIM,
ALL WARRIOR-TYPE
MONSTERS ON MY FIELD
GAIN 500 ATTACK POINTS!
I RELEASE YOU, WARRIOR!
NOW DRILL WARRIOR'S ATTACK
POINTS INCREASE TO 3,700!
AND THAT MEANS
HE'S MORE THAN A MATCH
FOR TECH GENUS
BLADE BLASTER!
SO LET HIM HAVE IT,
DRILL WARRIOR!
WHIRLWIND WINDER!
ALL RIGHT!
HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!
I PLAY AN ABILITY!
IT LETS ME REMOVE
BLADE BLASTER FROM PLAY
ONCE PER TURN!
BUT THAT MEANS...
HUH?
[GASP]
CHECK IT!
HE TOOK THE HIT
TO SAVE HIS MONSTER!
HUH?
VIZOR, ARE YOU OK?
YES, IM PERFECTLY FINE.
THAT WAS A GOOD FINISH.
MAYBE...BUT THAT
DIDN'T HAVE TO BE
THE FINISH, VIZOR.
WHY DID YOU DO THAT?
WHY DID YOU PROTECT
YOUR MONSTER WITH
YOUR LIFE POINTS?
IT MAKES NO SENSE!
[CHUCKLES]
I WOULD EXPLAIN,
BUT I'M AFRAID
THAT I CAN'T REVEAL
ALL THE SECRETS OF
THE ACCEL SYNCHRO, YUSEI.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT DON'T I KNOW?
THE ANSWERS WILL ALL COME
IN GOOD TIME.
UNTIL THEN, I'LL BE LOOKING
FORWARD TO OUR NEXT DUEL.
HUH?
BAH. WHAT KIND OF
A LAME ENDING WAS THAT?
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME.
THAT WAS NO WASTE.
YOU'RE SIMPLY TOO BLIND
TO SEE WHAT REALLY
JUST HAPPENED, LESTER,
TO SEE THAT
A WHOLE NEW AGE OF DUELING
HAS JUST BEGUN.
NEW...BUT OLD.
ANCIENT, EVEN.
[THINKING]
SOMETHING HAPPENED
INSIDE THAT LIGHT,
SOMETHING THAT I NEED
TO FIND OUT.
ACCEL SYNCHRO.
I'VE FOUND THE SYNCHRO SOLUTION.
BUT IF I'M GOING TO MASTER IT,
I'VE GOTTA PUSH
BEYOND MY LIMITS.